Added documentation for matplotlib.pyplot.scatter() (#1755)
Codecademy/docs: content/matplotlib/concepts/pyplot/terms/scatter/scatter.md

---

> Title: '.scatter()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: '.scatter()'
```

Description: 'Creates a scatter plot of x vs. y values.'
Subjects:
 - 'Data Science'
 - 'Data Visualization'
Tags:
 - 'Graphs'

>  - ' Libraries'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - 'Libraries'
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
matplotlib.pyplot.scatter(x, y, s, c, marker, cmap, norm, vmin, vmax, alpha, linewidths, edgecolors, plotnonfinite)
```

Both 'x' and 'y' parameters are required, and represent float or array-like objects. Other parameters are optional and vary plot features like marker size and/or color.

`.scatter()` takes the following arguments:

- `x` and `y`: Positional arguments of type float or array.
- `s`: A float or an array (of size equal to x or y) specifying marker size.
- `c`: An array or list specifying marker color.
- `marker`: The marker style.
- `cmap`: A Colormap instance used to map scalar data to colors.
- `norm`: Normalization method used to scale scalar data to the [0, 1] range before mapping. Linear scaling is default.
- `vmin` and `vmax`: Define the data range that the colormap covers (if norm is not specified).
- `alpha`: Marker blending value, between 0 (transparent) and 1 (opaque).
- `linewidths`: The linewidth of the marker edge.
- `edgecolors`: The edge color of the marker.
- `plotnonfinite`: Boolean value determining whether to plot nonfinite (`inf`, `-inf`, `nan`) values. Default is `False`.

> ## Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples
```

Examples below demonstrate the use of `.scatter()` to plot values and vary marker properties.

```py
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt

x1 = [5, 13, 21, 28, 31, 34, 39, 44, 49]
y1 = [14, 28, 44, 56, 67, 53, 47, 30, 11]

plt.scatter(x1, y1)
plt.show()
```

> Output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Output:

```
Added line breaks

![Output of matplotlib.pyplot.scatter() function example](/media/matplotlib-scatter-1.png)

```py
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt

x2 = [11, 22, 33, 44, 55]
y2 = [11, 22, 33, 44, 55]

plt.scatter(x2, y2, s=150, c='#88c988', linewidth=3, marker='p' , edgecolor='#175E17', alpha=0.75)
plt.show()
```

> Output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Output:

```
Added line break.

---
Title: '.scatter()'
Description: 'Creates a scatter plot of x vs. y values.'
Subjects:
 - 'Data Science'
 - 'Data Visualization'
Tags:
 - 'Graphs'
 - 'Libraries'
 - 'Matplotlib'
CatalogContent:
 - 'learn-python-3'
 - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.scatter()`** method in the matplotlib library is used to draw a scatter plot, showing a relationship between variables.

## Syntax

```pseudo
matplotlib.pyplot.scatter(x, y, s, c, marker, cmap, norm, vmin, vmax, alpha, linewidths, edgecolors, plotnonfinite)
```

Both 'x' and 'y' parameters are required, and represent float or array-like objects. Other parameters are optional and vary plot features like marker size and/or color.

`.scatter()` takes the following arguments:

- `x` and `y`: Positional arguments of type float or array.
- `s`: A float or an array (of size equal to x or y) specifying marker size.
- `c`: An array or list specifying marker color.
- `marker`: The marker style.
- `cmap`: A Colormap instance used to map scalar data to colors.

> - `norm`: Normalization method used to scale scalar data to the [0, 1] range before mapping. Linear scaling is default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `norm`: Normalization method used to scale scalar data to a range (0 to 1) before mapping. Linear scaling is default.
```

> - `vmin` and `vmax`: Define the data range that the colormap covers (if norm is not specified).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `vmin` and `vmax`: Sets the data range for the colormap (if norm is not specified).
```

Reviewer 2: Please be careful not repurpose descriptions in other documentation. All entry content should be original.

> - `alpha`: Marker blending value, between 0 (transparent) and 1 (opaque).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `alpha`: Sets the transparency value of markers (0: transparent, 1: opaque).
```

> - `linewidths`: The linewidth of the marker edge.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `linewidths`: Sets the linewidth of the marker edge.
```

> - `edgecolors`: The edge color of the marker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `edgecolors`: Sets the edge color of the marker.
```
